Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
How is everyone getting along?
Has everyone just about gotten used to their new life~?
Speaking of new life
So that I too can change my mood
I want to redecorate
What should I change? What should I change?
What should I change--?
Hmmm…
Oh, I know!
I should change the illustration on my easel!
Ah! Yeah! Oh, yeah!
Why didn't I notice before?
With some kind of cute illustration as decoration
The atmosphere will totally change~!
Oh, but, yeah…
Even if I decorate with a picture I drew
It might not really be interesting~
Hmmm…
What should I do~?
Ah! That's it!
I should borrow everyone's power~
If everyone draws a picture for me
I should decorate with that~!
Genius!
After all, I am…
A genius~!
Ohhh, but
Since I'm virtual, yeah…
Even if you draw it for me
How can I get it from you?
Moreover
I want the pictures to pile up, yeah~
Ah! Of course!
If you go on Twitter
And post the picture you made
With hashtag #イーゼルイラコン ["Easel Illustration Contest"]
You can submit it that way~!
Ahhh~!
If you do that
However much you send
However much it piles up
It will be perfect~!!
I am such the
Intelligent being, yeah!
I'm so smart it's frightening!
A.I.Channel~!
Right, and with that--
Redecorate Kizuna AI's room!
The hosting of the
First Easel Illustration Contest
(First Easel Illustration Contest)
Has been decided~!
Yaaaay!
(First Easel Illustration Contest)
If you want to decorate with your picture
On Twitter
Make your submissions with hashtag
#イーゼルイラコン !
Say, like, "This picture captures AI-chan's transcendent cuteness so please decorate with it!"
Or, "This astonishing picture will change the history of art, so please decorate with it!"
Or, "We have a vast advertising budget just piling up, so please decorate with our company's poster!"
Things like that!
In any case, I don't care what kind of picture!
Great picture or terrible picture, it doesn't matter!
I want to decorate with them all!
So if you have some artwork
You want me to display
On my easel
Please let me decorate with iiiit!
I'll be accepting entries... here!
The details are in the video description, so please take a look!
（Today ~ May 13 (Sunday) !!）
Everyone!! Hurry and send lots!! I'm counting on you~!!
(Details in the video description!!)
With that, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later~!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by aerophage
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timing by Dokuro Fantastic, aerophage